Support custom FIPS proxy configuration using configMap (#1095)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/templates/NOTES.txt

You have enabled creataion of PodSecurityPolicy, however PSP have been removed from Kubernetes >= 1.25, thus PSP will not be created.

You should deactivate these options: clusterAgent.podSecurity.podSecurityPolicy.create and/or agents.podSecurity.podSecurityPolicy.create
{{- end }}

{{- if and (eq  (include "should-enable-fips" .) "true") (and .Values.fips.useConfigMap (empty .Values.fips.customFipsConfig) )}}

#################################################################
####               WARNING: Configuration notice             ####
#################################################################

You are using the fips.useConfigMap parameter but did not configure fips.customFipsConfig.

> This configuration is unsupported and FIPS proxy side-car custom configMap configuration is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is unsupported and FIPS proxy sidecar custom configMap configuration is disabled.
```
